{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10200\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs24 \cf0 NOTES FROM OTHERS PRESENTATIONS:\
\

\i0\b0 Sitemap\
Wireframe\
documentation - why you chose what you chose (fonts, colours etc)\
\
DESIGN PROCESS\
\
1. Brainstorm & ideation\
2. Sketching\
3. Wireframe\
4. Code\
5. Feedback\
\
\
DESIGN DECISIONS\
\
Priorities - JH: WHAT I\'92D LIKE | WHAT\'92S POSSIBLE\
\
1. Robustness & Reliability\
2. Functionality over form\
3. Speed > perfection\
\
\
CHALLENGES\
1. Responsive\
2. Specific minor details - img alignment etc\
3. Consistent design\
\
\
\

\i PRESO
\i0 \
Show it\'92s responsive - iPhone, ipad (via GitHub.io)\
what did you use to code it with?\
flex box? bootstrap? why?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ROLLERCOASTER DRAWING!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 DESIGN FOR MOBILE FIRST\
\
KT - DESIGN DECISIONS\
\
Pulled colours from homepage image for uniformity.\
Build Process:\
\
Media Query\'92s \
Flexbox\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (GET FAMILIAR WITH BOTH!)\
\
\
Logo resource - camda\'85?\
\
Resource: Codepen\
\
\'93great usability for redesigning code already written >> work out knots, try and break and meddle - great for learning (online resource).\
\
\'93get working in basic form in codeine, then take it into vs code and tinker.\
\
wireframe - SKETCH? (online?)\
Balsamiq (free trial)\
\

\i QUESTION:\
Is index.html okay to have pretty much everything in it? Coz that\'92s a big ass, hard to read file!\
\

\i0 DESIGN - create for biz/nontech ppl\
audience - startup founders, start up early team members, recruiters, corporate team managers.\
\
Mood Guide\
Lean\
Driven\
\
\
Resources\
Skillset (icons) - resource\
Coolors - colour palette (use this for colour scheme; drag img into cooler and it will return schemes based on img\
Fontpair.co - google fonts\
brand awesome - website\'85links\
font awesome - icon\
favicon.io - favicon\
xml sitemaps\
typescale.com\
flaticons.com\
\
i! - ruby logo - fizzle/spark on scroll over, js - tumbleweed?\
\
Bootstrap -> very powerful but need to know it a fair bit or can waste time.\
\
 \
Jekyll (resource) - recommended by GitHub \
\
scss (sass) architecture?\
\
**empty alt tags = skip irrelevant content!\
** add titles for each section to transcribe content, limited tabbing, make it the opposite of dominos experience.\
\
** add animations with @keyframes (scrolling text, Raf\'92s arrows n stuff)\
\
DO: open external links in new tab\
DO: download resume (pdf)\
\
LOLS - google searches included \'93why am I such a fuck up?\'94\
	- rollercoaster diagram\
\
DO: big icons, less text (for now)\
\
Jekyll (ruby gem) - static site generator? - separates header and footer - allows you to pull (liquid template language)\
\
DO: metatages \'93keywords\'94 \'93author\'94 <metaname = \'93\'85.\'94\
\
Treat marking rubrix as client brief!\
\
CSS Grid - is a core tech (used by bootstrap)\
\
Sketch - \'93a powerful tool - invest time\'94 - Jake\
\
Trello - good for future use - Jake (also Jake - \'93fix images to background and make them relative then layer on top of that)\
\
Github!\
\
DO: breakpoint - wtf is it? lots of ppl mentioning.\
\
i! media query (animations bits in css)\
\
DO: commenting helps a lot in css and html. Headings and notes describing and separating sections of your HTML & CSS is very helpful, esp later for you and/or other devs. Tells you what you\'92re looking at!\
\
Bootstrap hover over - dark, light, primary: DON\'92T USE PRIMARY IN NAV BARS\
\
DO: svg images - savage code - grabs images for you\
\
DO: Project info - include duration/time spent?\
\
Accessibility - \'93I just added alt tags\'94\
\
i! scss (sass) animation? first number is start, last is end (Raf\'92s animations)\
\
i! cast to desktop\
\
LOLS: occurs to me that I\'92m afraid of talking about what I know because I don\'92t know if I know it.\
\
\'93WTF is wrong with me? I used to love html/css.tinkering\'94\
\
Oh yeah. Due-dates. :(\
\
Education: Wollongong >> UTS >> Open Edu >> PT (HA!!!) >> freelance (aka \'93me either\'94)\
\
\'93It\'92s not thy I have commitment issues\'85not git commit issues anyway\'94 LAAAAAME!!\
\
\
}